README.md, before:

# PricePinion Web Scraper
This repo is for developing the web scraper we will need to use for PricePinion.
## Development Instructions
### Getting the packages.
Just like any JavaScript/Typescript project we need to install all the packages.

If you have just cloned the repo run the command  `npm i` or `npm install`

package.json contains all of the packages required. If you run into any issues ping Maslin Farrell on Teams.

### Starting the development server
Since Typescript is just translated JavaScript we need to execute the typescript compiler (tsc) and then run the translated JavaScript.

We can do this in one simple command `npm run dev`.  This will execute tsc to compile the Typescript code, then it executes node dist/index.js to run the program.

### All the other commands
#### Formatting
To improve code quality and readability I have set up ESLint and Prettier. You can run it or just leave it.  I will run these commands before each pull request.

To lint the all of the files you can run `npm run lint` This command will go through the codebase and complain about anything that it doesn't like.

To format the codebase so it's easier to read (because TS/JS can get pretty ugly) run `npm run format`
Once we set up our GitHub Actions I will run ESLint and Prettier each time code is pulled into main, so we don't have to do it each time.
#### Testing
I have Mocha and Chai installed and Mocha added to the package.json scripts.
If you want to run tests execute `npm run test`
I'll start writing tests once we are ready to start connecting a DB to this thing.

Commit message:

Added testing, coverage, and formatted code.

README.md, after:

# Web scraper
This repo is for building the web scraper we will need to use for PricePinion.
## Development Instructions
### Getting the packages.
Just like any JavaScript/Typescript project we need to install all the packages.

If you have just cloned the repo run the command `npm i` or `npm install`
package.json contains all the packages required. If you run into any issues ping Maslin Farrell on Teams.

### Starting the development server
Since Typescript is just translated JavaScript we need to execute the typescript compiler (`tsc`) and then run the translated JavaScript.
We can do this in one simple command `npm run dev`.  This will execute `tsc` to compile the Typescript code, then it calls node dist/index.js to run the program.
### All the other commands
#### Formatting
To improve code quality and readability I have set up ESLint and Prettier. You can run it or just leave it.  I will run these commands before each pull request.

To lint the all the files you can run `npm run lint` This command will go through the codebase and complain about anything that it doesn't like.

To format the codebase, so it's easier to read (because TS/JS can get pretty ugly) run `npm run format`

Once we set up our GitHub Actions I will run ESLint and Prettier each time code is pulled into main, so we don't have to do it each time.
#### Testing
To run tests execute the command `npm run test` to run tests using Mocha and Chai.

To run tests with coverage execute the command `npm run test:coverage` to run tests and create a coverage report.
- To open the HTML report go to the folder 'coverage' and open the index.html file with your browser.
	- If you have issues with the website get the VSCode extension Live Server by Ritwick Dey.
- Coverage reports are generated using the Nyc package.
